Do you know who's in the first place?
No.
Did you ever hear the secretary announce the state that he desired his photograph taken with the shines?
I ask you whether or not I ask you the photograph for a minute.
Your airplane or the secretary's airplane was put into the position of the senator for the purpose of flying him and his staff to Boston.
And did you not use the secretary's return to Washington that afternoonardingly?
Yes, that he is.
The arrangements that they made in the flight on the way for another aircraft we made available.
When we arrived there was a small crash at the beach gas station in the west of Michigan.
It was a smell to end the aircraft at about 60-40.
Anyway, it got you down here to Washington.
That's just that.
But we landed at Fort Dick and my recollection we were on the ground about eight minutes.
And the speed was invented and the maintenance was a no-moved weight.
We had interengagement for seven o'clock and it was about six thirty before we took off.
And I hesitated for a moment to look some way and I turned around and saw if it turned very unmistakable.
And Mr. Shaven, dividing almost the dog's body over their aircraft, and I had to stop to get on the aircraft.
So were any of your requests made to view our Mr. Shaven's fear and knowledge that day with respect to Shaven?
I remember something.
Fort Dick?
I remember not. Not at Fort Dick.
When were you next contacted or when did you next contact the McCarthy Committee?
In which there was a discussion with respect to Shaven or any late preferential treatment files?
Well, on November 18th, General Ryan, many General Fort Dick, that's an exchange.
Telephone reinstated.
He had a request from the Sunday staff for a long weekend pass.
She didn't tell you from whom particularly on that staff he had that request.
I'm sorry.
What was the request, Mr. Adams?
For a long weekend pass.
What did General Ryan say and then did he do about it?
He said he intended to.
He did?
What sort?
What did you say to General Ryan?
What instruction did he do?
About that long weekend pass.
When he said that to me,
my initial reaction is to let's buy him your boss.
And I think I said something like that to him.
But as soon as I did it, I then picked up the interform,
which is a communication system directly to the Secretary of the Social and on the Good Board,
on both of them or else I saw him in the dining room, this was a new time.
And I pointed out to him,
I said to General Ryan, what I'm getting to do is
and they had made the request harshly based on the fact that Shaven had not yet entered his room.
And he had not yet entered his training cycle.
And he said, we say the training cycle, and he was now doing housekeeping duties and things of that sort.
And Mr. Steven, Mr. Steven stated that,
as long as the training has not started,
as long as the request has come from the committee,
and if you're the faculty, then only just one day previously,
the senior has passed the press conference location.
He felt that it would be better to make Shaan available for as long as we can pass.
And under those circumstances, in the deal of that instruction and the decision,
I telephone General Ryan back and told him that Steven's feeling on the matter,
and so General Ryan said it would be all right against him.
And I'm standing at his ramps back.
That's November 18th.
And as a result of your conversation with the Secretary, Shaan,
was he November 18th with a wind station,
although the long weekend pass is quite long.
Very well.
Now, what has occurred that weekend, Mr. Adams, if anything,
have any unusual interest with respect to that long weekend pass?
But the refresher recollections, they found it all on Friday
or Friday evening of that week are Saturday morning.
The incident, which you were asking me about, occurred about a month later.
About a month later?
Very well.
When was your next contact with the committee with respect to Shaan, Mr. Adams?
Well, about this time.
So I remember 18th, now, it's that.
And I am dividing from the German conjunction and trying to answer you precisely,
because I cannot.
But about this time, and for the period of about the next three weeks,
I had a series of telephone calls from Colme, with reference to Shaan.
And what really about what specifically did you say today began to be primarily about
the New York assignment for Shaan, immediately as a conclusion of the first eight weeks of April.
And as the month wore on November and as the transition in December went on
and during December, they got more and more difficult to handle.
And told me more and more, especially, the incidents.
How, under those calls, come to you, Mr. Adams.
Approximately.
There was, there was, say, come to me.
There were calls to me.
Very regularly, I can't say the calls to me for every day.
There were some long distance calls from New York.
There were occasions during this period.
So, with a wear, the rest of many business or requests on the arms required me to say telephone calls to Mr. Colme.
And during many of these calls that I might say to Mr. Colme, I was protected from alcohol,
during the course of the telephone call to the things that were taken.
Extreme pressures with reference to a dismissal for a New York assignment for Shaan.
Immediately, have the conclusion of the day weeks of April.
And you say that was during the month of November, I say November 18th.
Well, after he was in supper, after he actually arrived to stay up and hill, December 9th.
Up until December 9th, when an incident occurred.
We only had his induction.
And December 9th, of customately, how many telephone calls dismiss the call make to you with reference to Shaan.
And our Shaan and the committee work as related to his investigation report, Mama.
I have a record of only eight incoming long distance calls in Colme.
I am not able to isolate how many times during that scene.
And that is eight calls from Colme during that period of one month's sub-twenties November 10th.
Eight long distance calls dismissing, while he was in New York, 87.
Well, they are not you getting a local call during that period of time from his phone with him watching to.
Yes, but as I say, I don't know the day he's been watching them, so I am not able to tell you how many times.
I have no recalls from him.
He is a four-characterist call.
In this investigation, there were long distance calls from Mr. Cohn's knees in Washington, when he was in New York.
There were long distance calls that I might have faced in Mr. Cohn in New York.
There were local calls with Mr. Cohn might have faced in me when he was in Washington.
There were local calls that I might have faced in this cone.
My guess is that it is only a guess that during a period, the period is due with re-referring.
There was a least call a day.
Maybe it wasn't every day that I was expected to average out to every day.
And I was expected to be at least half of those calls had rolling into them with such a shyness.
And during this particular period, just a ticket a month, the pressure became extremely high to bear.
I ask you whether or not some of those calls came to your home.
They did.
In the evening, yes sir.
How late is night?
Mr. Adams, would you say you were sometimes contacted by Mr. Cohn?
Either by local or long distance calls.
Close my home, 13 November, 8.46 A.M., 14 November, 8.21 P.M., 20 November, direction.
One December, 8.43 P.M., at all.
Around 8.30 a.m., calls usually things.
How I have a recollection of one or two calls which does me out of six.
I have no recollection of that call, however, to suspend the exact recollection.
And I will qualify it also by saying that I was better.
You, you, you retire.
Yes sir, we have an incident against us at four o'clock in the morning.
How long was some of those calls late, Mr. Adams?
Well, the call, what I had the longest call you ever had, had you ever received.
I couldn't get you well, Mr. Jenkins, I am high, yes.
I have a recollection which is not borne out by the record.
I'll call, it's lasted about 45 minutes.
45 minutes, yes sir, but I have no, I can find no recollection to support it.
And you say that in a least high so-called, the subject of David Chien was discussed.
That is my recollection.
I let you whether or not in some of those calls which Chien's name was mentioned.
There was likewise mention of the investigation of Fort Monmouth.
It was.
Mr. Adams, I will ask you whether or not in any of those calls, during the period of time you have mentioned,
Mr. Cornlates complaint with respect to any double cross on the part of the secretary with respect to his promises.
Relating to Chien, first title.
Yes sir, that he did.
Well, out, specifically what do you say?
Well, practically everything that went wrong in the fire Mr. Cornlates concerned having to do with Chienlates was an army double cross.
In what the state did he say that there has been an army double cross?
Here, here, here, here, consider me a head of unit.
Well, all these things I'm telling you that he double cross, things occurred.
They subsequent to December 90s, that's the right.
Well, in that period, there were incidents with Chienlates around December 9th.
I was looking back to the period where this said that you say that you felt that there was terrific pressure in being brought to the fire for New Year's special design.
I can say that the pressure I was receiving from Mr. Cornlates, exceeded all of the pressures that I have ever received from all of the others,
officials of the time that this is whom I have negotiated with Mr. Chienlates.
I think that occasionally you just get a letter from perhaps the members of this committee.
With respect to some M. D. D. D. D. is that correct?
I was told no letter from any member of this committee.
But from senators and from congressmen and other people, it was very welcome.
And the time I get letters during the past five years, my assignments have concluded a considerable amount of negotiations with congressional committees, with committee staff, and sometimes with members of Congress and members of the Senate.
And the views that I took as reference to Chienlates during this period, if we were filed together, all of the views that I had from all of the other members of Congress and all of the other congressional committees over a period of my years, which was not some kind of a significant situation.
The views are homies.
So, 30 heading around and I hope you all enjoy your last long lunch hour. We need a few 30 today.
The Dr. Chienlates' mother now, for the committee, will hold its next session as 2.30 is the afternoon.
The testimony of the executive secretary, that was decided to assign it to the public.
This is the testimony.
I don't want to let you come to the door.
We have to divide it up.
We have to take some of all of the questions.
We have to take it away again.
Let's have a bullet.
We have to go to the red line.
We have to take one turn and we have to find the police.
And these are them for the legal committee.
Take me down there.
Here we go.
Here's the panel.
Backway, the superintendent of the Senate press gallery, finding miracles.
The first one to warrant a conflict with the United States.
Marking date and a little strike favor.
And others, the reporters, must be around here, are back together.
There are copies.
The superintendent of the radio and television gallery.
I think it's perhaps the death of the infection, Tony DeAndre.
No, Bob, there's the radio and television superintendent of our gallery.
Here are your copies.
The first one, right there.
Give you one.
John Adams will probably be the witness together this afternoon,etted.
This will be the last day of the hearing.
We will start at 2.30.
Tomorrow they will start at 2.30.
Tomorrow morning they will start at 10.00 a.m.
A month passing after the first copy of the executive executive.
The executive executive is back for Mr. Welch.
You got one?
Yes.
Mr. Byron, get one.
Yes, yes, yes.
Mr. Welch, Mr. Byron, please come to Mr. Welch.
And you will see that these hearings are included then.
And the superintendent records, he's about to be getting as he can do so
or as an exhibit somewhere in the long life.
The other is the week.
Broke.
You may have a round of applause.
The director will be getting out.
It's happy to have the visitors who have...
come to our committee room and if we have not done here before,
I should repeat that we have a firm understanding with these officers
and the playing clothes within the audience.
That there ought to be no audible manifestations of approval or disapproval at any time.
And if there are, the officers are asked to express politely from the room
without further worries from the chair.
Those who violate the understanding by which the executive committee room.
Which is to be trained from manifestations of approval or disapproval.
If the attention can be perceived as a result.
The Adam's I want to go back to November 28, 1953.
Say whether or not there was a new state of strike in New York as of that state.
Now, Mr. Jenkins, before you proceed with your question,
I would like to make a minor correction in the statements that I made immediately before lunch.
Council has called my attention to the facts immediately before lunch.
And of course, in the interrogation, I stated that I had no recollection
or that I did not think that I had as much of you from Senators
as I had had in this particular interview.
And that is incorrect because I recall no instances where I ever had that abuse from Senators.
And I wish to stay true.
Does that also even Senator McKite?
They used an average recall no instance with you.
Every entity of these from Senators is adamant that you're safe from the center.
Is that correct? Is that correct?
Is that correct?
Excepting for one instance which will be related to latest justice.
Now, I have to do about a new state of strike in New York as of a possible in November 28.
Was there not there one?
There was.
And the prosecution of the New York State was suspicious.
What happened at that time that it was just fire of the New York State?
We're hearing being conducted to the McCarthy Committee in New York City.
Hearing you say, then conducted in New York,
you're missing two November's as I remember.
And I was present in New York on November 24th and November 25th when I returned to Washington.
I returned to Washington with the understanding that there were people hearing in New York.
And during the following week, I'm quite sure that they could look more like the calendar.
Over that weekend, I think I was still aware of the weekend with the 28th Saturday.
I was still of the opinions that hearings were scheduled for New York.
When the newspaper site occurred, what happened to the hearings?
The were then being conducted in New York with respect to whether or not they were transferred.
Well, hearings began in Washington on December 7th.
What happened?
Can you tell the committee whether or not you know why the hearings were going on?
Why the hearings were transferred to Washington?
Well, I don't know why, but I know what I was told.
Well, by whom were you told?
I was told separately by Cohn and by Car.
Then you may say, oh, what's Mr. Cohn and Mr. Car told you?
That the hearings in New York were being transferred to Washington because in New York,
newspapers died getting popular.
I might say, you're up for a moment just making the news in November 26th,
because I have not become a newspaper.
I have been to the county's mountains.
I'm November 26th, that the conclusion of the hearings in New York I return to wine.
I plan to go by here.
I was going to be in County of Mrs. Car.
We missed our airplane.
That was there for you.
And went to the New York, and put in the railroad space station and came to walking together on the train.
On the train station.
The train station takes about three hours.
And as I saw at the time, fully one hour of our entire conversation was directed to Chant.
And it was filled with cars.
Mr. Car's observations to me.
To the effect that in the long.
For so long as the sign was not that effected by a sign.
That effected in the car.
Cohn was very, very, very, very troubled.
It's 5.00 pm.
He saw his irritations.
He wasn't proposing it as an independent proposal to my team.
But I felt that he was asking on to me,
the feeling he had, that as long as the assignment of Chant was not that effected, we could expect trouble.
I bet there's no room for 25 for you, right?
The Pennsylvania Railroad is in this emergency watching between 3.45 and the National Unified Alliance.
We were discussing the events that made of December 9th when we were stressed that the new hour is that correct Mr. Adam?
No, certainly we hadn't.
We were on 16th November December 7th and November 7th.
We hadn't yet discussed November 8th.
December 8th?
Yes.
What occurred on December 8th, Mr. Adam?
Over hearings of this committee for held in this room,
a principal witness from Charagated, I believe was Karen Hoen.
I was sitting behind the committee's table approximately the right time when he came here now.
At the time, he was sitting in the chair of the Senate Month on the office.
I was sitting with my assistant, Charles Hatton,
and a number of the cases during the course of the interrogation.
Of the witness, when others were interrogating,
home, that of him came over and spoken to me about science,
saying things to me like, what about things?
What about things?
It continued in a middle age throughout the year morning.
Nothing to tell us has a result of it other than the fact that I managed to turn the questions back morning.
I'm that afternoon.
While I was in my office, I received the wrong distance telephone calls and general rions demanding general support.
He stated to me that, by the time, by the time,
weekday availability, the liquidity has duped out of hand,
and so far as he was concerned, he felt that his numerous assets were interfering
or were going to interfere with his training.
He said that he feared that the soldier would be seen in the front of the business,
not connected with the committee,
and he said that on one of the recent passes in the last two or three days,
the soldier had not returned to the post until 4.55 in the morning.
He pointed out that the soldier's training units were scheduled to go on the range very shortly for firing.
He felt that the boy might be safe on a safe and secure spot.
And it kept up, so he said,
that he proposed to terminate the soldier's availability for passes on weekdays.
And I stated to him that I was sure that that was available to the suspect service,
so the suspect service had very few days to that day.
So the availability was, what for weekdays is that it did not interfere with the committee,
which the training and also that it was to be with the conference of general rions.
And whenever general rions did not concur, then that particular day would be coming.
That was the end of my conversation with general rions.
I transmitted a question.
There was one further thing I stated in a rion that I was quite agreed to do the business degrees,
that he should terminate the weekday availability for a certain time,
because it was of the previous 4.59.
But that I felt that Mr. Stevens had made a rather clear confession as to availability for a week's end
after the soldier training was completed.
And I felt that he would have to build a soldier available on weekends,
and he would want to hire Mr. Stevens to escape it at the lunch and at the number six.
General rions agreed that that would not interfere with the soldier training,
he would still be made available a week and the committee did not.
I felt that it was necessary that the state and general rions and he would have four cohorts with it.
That is that.
That is my guess.
As a result of that, the committee did hear any more.
I received an appropriate problem.
He was a senator, Mr. Conor, Mr. Cosm,
Yes.
Quim following morning hearing his events again.
Conor was aware, because that December 19th,
he can remember that his home was aware of the decision on weekdays,
and he would begin getting up regularly from the committee table,
Conor and Tickton, he was about times availability,
and he was very self-petalist,
a boss who was taken on week and week nights,
and he talked to me about the treatment,
Mr. Stevens, that the double cross,
and I mean double cross, that the commitment already made,
and I was a Stevens double cross.
Well, I was told there were a number of people who were allowed to ask me.
Yes, it was not in here.
He considered it as a double cross, and he stated that he considered it as double cross,
just Stevens double cross, to create a categorized.
I was again sitting in the chair approximately directly behind where he was sitting.
On the morning of the night,
Con came over to me again,
and just to say that the morning he was so persistent,
the rest of the time, what about time, thing?
That is just the depth of the point where I decided I would sit in the contractor's house.
I turned to my assistant, the captain, to be high-fittered,
dated to him, and I was going during the night to sit in the contractor's house,
and to accept the pressure I was receiving from the client.
As a conclusion of the hearings, about 12.30,
I followed him from the client's room, and up to his office.
There was a newspaper man talking to him, and he dropped off one by one by the time,
we got to him and sent him a copy of the office.
I went along with him.
I met his office with him and asked about his people,
to him for a few moments, and he said, that, cool.
I went and he was off, and I told him that I was, I told him that,
I told him that, I had no sense of him,
and that I had not told him,
he had had a good relationship with John,
but it is great to find where I was,
no longer able to take it,
to introduce his confidence, pressure was difficult,
and that I did not think that I had taken it,
and I asked him if there was some of them,
and we talked about the safety cone.
The safety cone in particular has not to hang your cone with me,
and at the same time, and that's the reason for the deterioration
of my relationship with me, that is why I was illicit, I had worked.
And at the same time, I made the cone aware of that,
that this ought to be taken to different things.
And I was happy, that he felt there was some proper,
and that he was right-blooded, because he had no problem.
And until there was no further insurance,
that is the stuff that went to that kind of situation.
I returned to my office,
sometimes during the afternoon, I received a telephone call from time
from cone, and I answered the phone,
he started outside saying something to the effectors.
I'll take you what it means to go over my head.
What was the sentence you referenced to being in a number
of English hearsay?
Well, he was there,
from the literature,
and you get it, the literature.
Well, it's a relate what the sentence is.
He said that he would teach me what it meant to go over his head.
I said, no, Roy, is that a threat?
And he said, no, that's a problem.
And I sent some little time on the telephone after that.
I don't call exactly how long, five minutes,
ten minutes attempting to complete.
And he made quite a point of the fact that I had no one help.
To talk to any sentence, I could only talk to him.
I pointed out the empty,
he asked me how I would feel that he went to the police.
I told him that he was a liberty-built,
he didn't do it at any time, he chose.